Updated readme about how to test own rule. (#1807)
nicklockwood/SwiftFormat: README.md

> A. 1) Open `SwiftFormat.xcodeproj`; 2) Add a rule in `Sources/Rules/..`; 3) Add a test in `Tests/Rules/..`; 4) Add an example in `Sources/Examples.swift`; 5) Run all tests.

> *Q. How to test own rule?*
> 
> > A. Take a look https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/pull/1804#issuecomment-2263079432

Reviewer: We should improve this to be more specific and include an answer directly in the readme text. Something like:

```suggestion
*Q. How do I run and debug the command line tool in Xcode while developing a new rule?*

> A. You can run the `swiftformat` command line tool via the `Swift Format (Command Line Tool)` scheme, and you can pass in arguments like `/path/to/my/code --config /path/to/my/config` as the `Arguments Passed On Launch` in Xcode's scheme editor. More instructions are available [here](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/pull/1804#issuecomment-2263079432).
```
